CORE-9350 Update wiki rename truststore to trustroot (#3424)
corda/corda-runtime-os: wiki/Session-Certificates.md

```
## Build registration context (only for MGM registration)

> You must add an extra json field `corda.group.trustroot.session.0` with the trust store of the CA to the registration context (in the same way as `corda.group.trustroot.tls.0`).

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
You must add an extra json field `corda.group.trustroot.session.0` with the certificate of the CA to the registration context (in the same way as `corda.group.trustroot.tls.0`).
```
